README.md, before:

# roam hover panels

hover over a page or block reference and preview editable contents of that page or block, and allow you transform the preview into a float panel, and more


# feature

- The page preview panel is now an actual block editor instance
- Panels can now be dragged and resized, and minimized and maximized
- The panel can now be pinned to prevent it from auto closing
- You can set the default size of the panel
- You can specify a modifier key so that the panel only appears when you press and hold the modifier key.
- The state of the panel is automatically saved, and restored after you refresh the page or change browsers, 
- The theme of the panel is now fitted to the  [Roam-Studio](https://github.com/rcvd/RoamStudio)
- The block in the panel can now be zoom-in and zoom-out

# demo

https://twitter.com/Whychuan89/status/1590874907189350400

# Acknowledgments

Thanks to these projects for the inspiration

- [obsidian-hover-editor](https://github.com/nothingislost/obsidian-hover-editor)
- [roam-workbench-live-preview](https://roamjs.com/extensions/workbench/live_preview)

Commit message:

feat: alt + click fire zoom in

README.md, after:

# roam hover panels

hover over a page or block reference and preview editable contents of that page or block, and allow you transform the preview into a float panel, and more


# feature

- The page preview panel is now an actual block editor instance
- Panels can now be dragged and resized, and minimized and maximized
- The panel can now be pinned to prevent it from auto closing
- You can set the default size of the panel
- You can specify a modifier key so that the panel only appears when you press and hold the modifier key.
- The state of the panel is automatically saved, and restored after you refresh the page or change browsers, 
- The theme of the panel is now fitted to the  [Roam-Studio](https://github.com/rcvd/RoamStudio)
- The block in the panel can now be zoom-in ("alt + click" on the bullet dot) and zoom-out

# demo

https://twitter.com/Whychuan89/status/1590874907189350400

# Acknowledgments

Thanks to these projects for the inspiration

- [obsidian-hover-editor](https://github.com/nothingislost/obsidian-hover-editor)
- [roam-workbench-live-preview](https://roamjs.com/extensions/workbench/live_preview)
